Steps to take when there are changes to grammar
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

JoveNotes grammar is so primordial to the JoveNotes app that changes to it run
a high risk of impacting not only the study heuristics but also having a 
rippling change across all the JoveNotes system components.

BE VERY CAUTIOUS AND THOUGHFUL WHEN MAKING CHANGES TO THE GRAMMAR.

After you have been cautious and thougtful and still decided to go ahead with 
grammar changes, following are the steps that needs to be followed to ensure
that the changes are properly integrated with the rest of the system.

1. Make changes to the grammar

2. Run MWE2 workflow

3. Test the grammar changes in a new instance of eclipse

4. If all changes are satisfactory, export both com.sandy.xtext.jovenotes and
   com.sandy.xtext.jovenotes.ui plugins to 
   a) ~/temp/jars directory
   b) ~/softwares/eclipse/dropins
   
5. Go to the above directories and remove the old plugin jars if present

6. Go to the ~/temp/jars directory and rename the exported jar file to
   com.sandy.xtext.jovenotes.jar
   
7. Check the jovenotes pom to see the latest version being used - say x.ab

8. In the ~/temp/jars directory there is an install_jn_jar file, involve it 
   with x.ab + 0.01 version number. Say the new version number is x.ac
   
9. In the pom.xml of jnprocessor, change the dependency jar to x.ac

10. In the jnprocessor script present in src/main/scripts folder of the jnprocessor
    project, change the name of the jar (version number) in the classpath.
    
11. Compile the jnprocessor project (either through command line or eclipse)

12. Modify jnprocessor in relation to the changes done in the grammar.

12. Clean, Compile and Package jnprocessor

13. Move the following artifacts to Op (only if changes exist)
    a. Script
    b. Any additional jars
    c. New jnprocessor jar
    d. Any configuration files
    
14. Take a backup of server database

15. Run jnp -f on server

16. If all is well, version the codebase

